---
layout: post
footer: true
no-post-nav: true
title: Government reformed!
category: Announcement Reform
excerpt: Southshire is returning to a Council-only system.
---

Before this long and drawn out war, we were a prosperous borough and doing fairly well for ourselves, but since then low morale, real life obligations, and the fear of pearling has slowly whittled away at our numbers to the point where as of the past few days it has been just cinzar and me. Because of this, we no longer feel that a six person government is justified (a chancellor, three councillors, and two judges) And so we have decided to devolve the government to a smaller form, which will function similarly to what we have now, but be more like the system we had before the war.

With the previous reform, we created a more American system where the government was separated into three distinct branches, the legislative, the executive, and the judicial. With this reform however we shall be going back to the roots of the Commonwealth theme with a Parliament, and so the Councillors will become Ministers, and the Chancellor, Prime Minister. Judgeship will be an additional responsibility, likely to be carried out as a Deputy of the Department for Justice.

Parliament will continue to have three seats, and cinzar and I will transfer to fill two of those, and the last one will be up for election. Cinzar will also assume the role of Prime Minister due to his recent election as Chancellor. Specificlanguage and I will continue to be part of the judiciary. It should not be uncommon for officials to have more than one role within the government, because we can no longer afford to be so narrow in our processes.

And so the election for our third minister will occur this coming Monday, 1st January 2018.